# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
amqp==5.3.1
    # via kombu
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
astrapy==1.5.2
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   csvw
    #   jsonschema
    #   phonemizer-fork
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via csvw
backoff==2.2.1
    # via langfuse
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via passlib
billiard==4.2.1
    # via celery
blessed==1.21.0
    # via inquirer
boto3==1.36.26
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-aws
botocore==1.36.26
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
cairocffi==1.7.1
    # via cairosvg
cairosvg==2.8.2
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
celery==5.5.3
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cairocffi
    #   cryptography
    #   pymunk
    #   soundfile
chardet==5.2.0
    # via pysrt
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   cloup
    #   gtts
    #   langgraph-cli
    #   litellm
    #   manim
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via celery
cloup==3.0.8
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
colorama==0.4.6
    # via csvw
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via kokoro-onnx
convex==0.7.0
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via python-jose
cssselect2==0.8.0
    # via cairosvg
csvw==3.5.1
    # via segments
cython==3.0.12
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
    #   moviepy
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via cairosvg
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via limits
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via astrapy
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dlinfo==2.0.0
    # via phonemizer-fork
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
editor==1.6.6
    # via inquirer
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
espeakng-loader==0.2.4
    # via kokoro-onnx
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
fastapi-cli==0.0.8
    # via fastapi
fastapi-cloud-cli==0.1.5
    # via fastapi-cli
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via ffmpeg-python
glcontext==3.0.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   moderngl
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.22.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.151.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.35.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.79.0
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
google-cloud-bigquery==3.35.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.65.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via google-cloud-resource-manager
grpcio==1.67.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.67.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
gtts==2.5.4
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.2.0
    # via httpx
hf-xet==1.1.7
    # via huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   astrapy
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   langfuse
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==0.34.4
    # via
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   langfuse
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via moviepy
imageio-ffmpeg==0.5.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   moviepy
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via litellm
inquirer==3.4.1
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
isodate==0.7.2
    # via csvw
isosurfaces==0.1.2
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   litellm
    #   torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via phonemizer-fork
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.0
    # via
    #   csvw
    #   litellm
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
kokoro-onnx==0.4.9
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
kombu==5.5.4
    # via celery
krippendorff==0.8.1
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
langchain-aws==0.2.13
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.74
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langfuse==2.58.2
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
langgraph==0.6.4
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-cli==0.3.6
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.0
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-cli
langsmith==0.4.13
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
language-tags==1.2.0
    # via csvw
limits==5.5.0
    # via slowapi
litellm==1.60.9
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
manim==0.18.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim-chemistry
    #   manim-circuit
    #   manim-dsa
    #   manim-physics
    #   manim-voiceover
manim-chemistry==0.4.4
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
manim-circuit==0.0.3
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
manim-dsa==0.2.0
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
manim-ml==0.0.24
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
manim-physics==0.4.0
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
manim-voiceover
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
manimpango==0.6.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
mapbox-earcut==1.0.3
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mcp==1.0.0
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   markdown-it-py
moderngl==5.12.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
    #   moderngl-window
moderngl-window==3.1.1
    # via manim
moviepy==2.1.2
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multipledispatch==1.0.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyrr
mutagen==1.47.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim-voiceover
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
    #   torch
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   imageio
    #   isosurfaces
    #   kokoro-onnx
    #   krippendorff
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   manim
    #   manim-chemistry
    #   mapbox-earcut
    #   moderngl-window
    #   moviepy
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pyrr
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   soundfile
    #   sox
    #   statsmodels
    #   torchvision
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.8.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.8.93
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.3.83
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.13.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.9.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.3.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
onnxruntime==1.22.1
    # via kokoro-onnx
openai==1.61.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   litellm
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
orjson==3.11.1
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kombu
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
    #   limits
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   manim-chemistry
    #   statsmodels
passlib==1.7.4
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
patsy==1.0.1
    # via statsmodels
phonemizer-fork==3.3.2
    # via kokoro-onnx
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   cairosvg
    #   imageio
    #   manim
    #   moderngl-window
    #   moviepy
    #   torchvision
pip==25.2
    # via manim-voiceover
proglog==0.1.12
    # via moviepy
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via click-repl
propcache==0.3.2
    # via yarl
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
protobuf==5.28.3
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
pyaudio==0.2.14
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
pycairo==1.27.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-core
    #   langfuse
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
pydub==0.25.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
    #   manim-voiceover
pyglet==2.0.21
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   moderngl-window
pyglm==2.8.2
    # via moderngl-window
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
    #   rich
pylatexenc==2.10
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
pymongo==4.14.0
    # via astrapy
pymunk==6.11.1
    # via manim-physics
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   httplib2
    #   rdflib
pyrr==0.10.3
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
pysrt==1.1.2
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   csvw
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.21.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   litellm
    #   manim-voiceover
    #   moviepy
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim-voiceover
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   timm
    #   uvicorn
rdflib==7.1.4
    # via csvw
readchar==4.2.1
    # via inquirer
redis==6.4.0
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.7.34
    # via
    #   segments
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   csvw
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   gtts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langfuse
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rfc3986==1.5.0
    # via csvw
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.14.9
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
rignore==0.6.4
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
rpds-py==0.27.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
runs==1.2.2
    # via editor
s3transfer==0.11.3
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via timm
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
    #   statsmodels
screeninfo==0.8.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
segments==2.3.0
    # via phonemizer-fork
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
sentry-sdk==2.34.1
    # via fastapi-cloud-cli
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via
    #   imageio-ffmpeg
    #   torch
    #   triton
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   manim-physics
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   python-dateutil
skia-pathops==0.8.0.post2
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
slowapi==0.1.9
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
sox==1.5.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim-voiceover
speechrecognition==3.14.3
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
sqlalchemy==2.0.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
srt==3.5.3
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via mcp
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
statsmodels==0.14.5
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
svgelements==1.9.6
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   python-slugify
tiktoken==0.11.0
    # via litellm
timm==1.0.19
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   cairosvg
    #   cssselect2
tokenizers==0.21.4
    # via litellm
toml==0.10.2
    # via astrapy
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.23.0
    # via timm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   manim
    #   openai
    #   proglog
triton==3.4.0
    # via torch
typer==0.16.0
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   limits
    #   manim
    #   openai
    #   phonemizer-fork
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sox
    #   speechrecognition
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   csvw
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uuid6==2025.0.1
    # via astrapy
uvicorn==0.32.1
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   fastapi-cloud-cli
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
watchdog==5.0.3
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   manim
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   blessed
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   tinycss2
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   sf-full (pyproject.toml)
    #   uvicorn
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   langfuse
xmod==1.8.1
    # via
    #   editor
    #   runs
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
yt-dlp==2025.7.21
    # via sf-full (pyproject.toml)
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
